README.md, before:

[![MCreator](https://mcreator.net/image/brand/mcreator300s.png)](https://mcreator.net/)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
[![Build](https://api.travis-ci.org/MCreator/MCreator.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/github/MCreator/MCreator)
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-release-%2393c54b)](https://mcreator.net/download)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-%E2%99%A1-%23ff7c00)](https://mcreator.net/donate)
# MCreator - Minecraft Mod Maker

<img align="right" width="300" src="https://mcreator.net/image/mcreatoruifront.png">

https://mcreator.net/ - MCreator is a software used to make Minecraft Java Edition mods, Minecraft Bedrock Edition Add-Ons, and data packs using an intuitive easy-to-learn interface or with an integrated code editor. 

It is used worldwide by Minecraft players, aspiring mod developers, [for education, online classes, and STEM workshops](https://mcreator.net/education).

## Download, community, and support

This repository page is for people looking to contribute to MCreator. Visit https://mcreator.net/ to download MCreator distribution and to engage in the community. Check https://mcreator.net/support to find the support, forums, knowledge base, and more.

Download MCreator binary distributions on https://mcreator.net/download.

## Development

To clone this repository, run `git clone --recursive https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator.git`.

MCreator uses Gradle build system to manage the building and exporting. Use `runMCreator` task to run test MCreator.

It is recommended to use Intellij IDEA for development and testing. Learn more about the development process, and 
tips on [MCreator developers wiki](https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator/wiki).

## Contributing

You are welcome to support this project by opening pull requests. Read more about contributing in our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).
Before we can use your code, you must sign the [MCreator CLA](https://cla-assistant.io/MCreator/MCreator).

Big thanks to [all the people](https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator/graphs/contributors) who already contributed to MCreator! 💚

<a href="https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=MCreator/MCreator" width="615"/>
</a>

### Translations

If you would like to help us translate MCreator to your language, join us on [translate.mcreator.net](https://translate.mcreator.net/)! If your language is not on the list yet, feel free to suggest us to add it.

## License and trademark

MCreator is licensed under the GPL-3.0 license (with exceptions implemented as specified in section 7 of GPL-3.0) if not otherwise stated in source files or other files of this project. Copyright 2020 Pylo and [contributors](https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator/graphs/contributors).

MCreator is a trademark of Pylo. Custom distributions of this software may not include Pylo or MCreator trademark (trademark name and logo) to not confuse the software with the official distribution of MCreator project.
MCreator and Pylo brand files in this repository are not covered by the GPL-3.0 license.

## Notice

NOT AN OFFICIAL MINECRAFT PRODUCT. NOT APPROVED BY OR ASSOCIATED WITH MOJANG.

Commit message:

Added third party license notice

README.md, after:

[![MCreator](https://mcreator.net/image/brand/mcreator300s.png)](https://mcreator.net/)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
[![Build](https://api.travis-ci.org/MCreator/MCreator.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/github/MCreator/MCreator)
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-release-%2393c54b)](https://mcreator.net/download)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-%E2%99%A1-%23ff7c00)](https://mcreator.net/donate)
# MCreator - Minecraft Mod Maker

<img align="right" width="300" src="https://mcreator.net/image/mcreatoruifront.png">

https://mcreator.net/ - MCreator is a software used to make Minecraft Java Edition mods, Minecraft Bedrock Edition Add-Ons, and data packs using an intuitive easy-to-learn interface or with an integrated code editor. 

It is used worldwide by Minecraft players, aspiring mod developers, [for education, online classes, and STEM workshops](https://mcreator.net/education).

## Download, community, and support

This repository page is for people looking to contribute to MCreator. Visit https://mcreator.net/ to download MCreator distribution and to engage in the community. Check https://mcreator.net/support to find the support, forums, knowledge base, and more.

Download MCreator binary distributions on https://mcreator.net/download.

## Development

To clone this repository, run `git clone --recursive https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator.git`.

MCreator uses Gradle build system to manage the building and exporting. Use `runMCreator` task to run test MCreator.

It is recommended to use Intellij IDEA for development and testing. Learn more about the development process, and 
tips on [MCreator developers wiki](https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator/wiki).

## Contributing

You are welcome to support this project by opening pull requests. Read more about contributing in our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).
Before we can use your code, you must sign the [MCreator CLA](https://cla-assistant.io/MCreator/MCreator).

Big thanks to [all the people](https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator/graphs/contributors) who already contributed to MCreator! 💚

<a href="https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=MCreator/MCreator" width="615"/>
</a>

### Translations

If you would like to help us translate MCreator to your language, join us on [translate.mcreator.net](https://translate.mcreator.net/)! If your language is not on the list yet, feel free to suggest us to add it.

## License and trademark

MCreator is licensed under the GPL-3.0 license (with exceptions implemented as specified in section 7 of GPL-3.0) if not otherwise stated in source files or other files of this project. Copyright 2020 Pylo and [contributors](https://github.com/MCreator/MCreator/graphs/contributors).

MCreator is a trademark of Pylo. Custom distributions of this software may not include Pylo or MCreator trademark (trademark name and logo) to not confuse the software with the official distribution of MCreator project.
MCreator and Pylo brand files in this repository are not covered by the GPL-3.0 license.

MCreator uses several third-party libraries and projects. License files and credits for these projects are located in the `license` subdirectory.

## Notice

NOT AN OFFICIAL MINECRAFT PRODUCT. NOT APPROVED BY OR ASSOCIATED WITH MOJANG.
